Hahaha
Maybe you did the right thing.
Good way
This is a good way
This is your man
You sleep at night.
Can you sleep soundly?
Hahahahahaha
Emperor Ha
Emperor
Ouch emperor
Oh, this emperor
No matter how I feel, it will actually be pitiful.
So who poisoned it?
I don't know.
But I have a guess.
If it is true
Then Ye Xuan is too insidious
This old cunt
Bai has a good face
I have an idea.
Why should we guess?
Why can't we just ask?
What about brother Ye Xuan?
Yeah, we're not villains
I want family
What does via family mean?
Ah.
That is, this is actually a foreign language
It means family.
Yeah, look at that.
We and Ye Xuan Trinity
Bringing a few cats and dogs
Cumulative logging
Isn't this family?
So for the family
Is that true?
Yeah, read
Then why not bring Ye Li?
Ye Li is not a human being
What does rat mean?